WRD Guide Version 2 (#1853)
telerik/reporting-docs: user-guide/customizing-report-items/conditional-formatting.md

## Formatting a Single Item

Watch this quick tutorial to learn how to apply conditional formatting to a LineTotal TextBox in a table - changing its color to red when the *value is less than 50*:

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/gU749jR899U?si=RrgBdmOvMVWKH-I8" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Formatting Multiple Items 

While conditional formatting works great on individual items, applying it to multiple selected items at once is a challenge. When **multiple** items are selected, even though ConditionalFormatting is technically supported on each individual item, the designer cannot guarantee consistent behavior across all selected items. Hence, it does not allow batch editing of conditional formatting rules to make for example alternating row style for all the cells belonging to the table row. It requires you to apply rules **individually** to each item:

> * Select each TextBox (or other report item) one at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* Add the same conditional formatting rule manually.

> To save time, you can group items inside a Panel and apply the conditional formatting to the panel itself. This way, all nested items inherit the style based on the condition. This approach is shown in the following video: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve your productivity when applying conditional formatting to many items, add a [Panel item]({%slug user-guide/components/report-items%}#panel) and group these target items inside the Panel. Then, apply the conditional formatting to the panel itself. This way, all items placed in the Panel inherit the style applied by the condition you set. 

The following video shows how to use a Panel to apply conditional formatting to multiple report items. 
```
